if someone asked me what's the best
Lebanese salad I'd have to say it's a
toss-up between tabbouleh or fattoush
I'm Shimano I'm the editor of taste of
Beirut calm I'm sitting here in the
Lebanese mountains it's a perfect summer
day and I'm making fattoush
Oh
there are two things in fattoush that
you absolutely need sumac and pita bread
croutons now there's people who like to
bake them some people like to fry them I
like them fried they stay crunchy I'm
boring fresh lemon juice over the sumac
I'm adding mashed garlic over the
mixture I'm adding olive oil
and blending it
I'm chopping all the veggies starting
with the tomatoes the cucumbers the bell
peppers the radishes the purslane the
lettuce parsley and finally the onions
now I transfer them to a salad bowl and
pour the dressing and toss a bit I'm
cutting strips of pita bread with itchin
shears and frying the sticks in hot oil
until golden-brown and draining them
over favorite dolls
now I like to season my croutons with
extra sumac
it makes them super good
nothing